Hello and welcome to one
new minecraft video and this time
something completely different than in these little ones
I will explain tutorial to you
Do not mine your minecraft
people, but like me
looks
the three files he needs for it
I uploaded for you and as
link under the video packed first
that would be the shader snort v 24.8 m & c 1.8
the other is kromer hills mine
Resource package and the sv 10.1
Standard Kromer did not need her
but I find it absolutely fit
just great in addition to shader pack and me
Would you recommend to pack on it
Do you have the three files?
downloaded that should be in yours
download folder looks like this
before you install the shader scott
You should first of all yours
start minecraft
because you have to use yours to use it
reset the version to 1.8
since the current version of minecraft
1.8 3s you have to down here on edit pro
case and then go down here at
hughes version easy on the 1.8
go back and then safe profile
After you did that, just do it
press briefly on play and into one
Any world go in because he has to
first create a profile for 1.8
Did you do that then we can
dedicate the shader spot
Just double click on it and
then you get a message that says
that you all your minecraft version
must have closed and get there
you simply ok - as soon as he
all have closed then you have to
Choose your version here you take
the 1.8 click ok and that was
actually already then next
Just start your minecraft
again and then dial in the bottom left then
profile the 18 shaders murder out after
You did that, you can do it
just start minecraft as soon as you do
your minecraft has started click here
bottom left on options and then
You may here a new selectable
block shaders came then simply
Press once more and here
bottom left open shader spec folder
have you done that you come in yours
shaders folder that should then in the
case still be empty
you're almost in your download
folder take back the sv 10
standard just copy once and
insert here
that's it from the shader
then you can go back to your minecraft
go and you see here is the sv
10 standard in it then just once on
then click and we are with the
shader finished you would also comma hills
use as I just click here
on resources packages opens here below
left the folder and already opens
then your resources directory then
you just copy the whole and
Add it back to this one too
folder one
then we are done with it already
choose kromer hits again
and press finish but beware that
can always take a while
Then let's just go into one
one world and look at the whole
just in action
because they are already what it
so everything has changed
you see light effects the idea that that
Water now reflects you can do just that
a little bit see the wind in the grass and
just not the effects on the
torches and of course in the sky
I hope the tutorial was yours
help a bit further and then see
We are already in the next
minecraft follow again